---
layout: post
title: "BTW, we need a DWH. Yesterday!"
description: The beginning of our journey towards a custom DWH.
modified:
categories: blog
author: robert_bordo
excerpt: The first part of a series of articles chronicling our fellow data platform team on their quest for a functional custom data warehouse solution.
tags: [dwh, data-warehouse]
date: 2016-10-05T10:00:00-04:00
---

_Data is the new bacon. Or is it the new oil? Maybe gold? Regardless, it seems to be valuable. This is why we need our own data warehouse (DWH). Now!_

At upday we’ve been __collecting anonymous user data since the beginning__, in order to __improve user experience__ — particularly content recommendations. For example, we categorise articles and track the topics that users read about, then with some fancy algorithms we try to predict and satisfy our users but also strive to surprise them with articles they could be interested in (we call it serendipity). 

Another use case for collected data is to __understand how our users behave within the app__. You can do field research, engage test audiences and ask friends, but in reality the user always acts differently. And very often the differences are surprising.

Since we originate from a media company, we have a strong motivation to support journalism. This is why we also need to know which articles have been read and how often, in order to __share revenue with the original content publishers__. Unsurprisingly, the publishers we cooperate with have a similar opinion.

Given all these different use cases, it was clearly __time for a big data solution__. We have a lot of strong software engineers, but none of them are specialists for this kind of technology. A few of us ventured to dip our toes into this topic. So we formed a small data platform team and started researching and experimenting the current state-of-art in this domain.

In a series of articles we would like to __share our experiences__ with you and invite you on our __journey towards a functional custom data warehouse solution__. See us fail, despair, hope, fail again and maybe finally succeed in our undertaking.

___Let our journey begin…___

<a href="../dwh-part1_getting_started/">A journey towards a custom data warehouse solution Part 1 : Getting Started</a>