---
layout: post
title: "upday Hack Week"
description: Three days, 49 participants, 30+ ideas.
modified:
categories: blog
author: florina_muntenescu
excerpt: Three days, 49 participants and 30+ ideas. Find out what we did during our Hack-Week, why and what did we learn from it.
tags: [Development, Hackathon, Hack-Week]
date: 2016-09-06T15:39:55-04:00
---

After two smaller hackathons: one for Android developers, dedicated to testing; and the other one for the entire engineering, targeted to improving our continuous integration system, we decided that it's time to go to the next level. We wanted to expand the innovation opportunity outside the engineering teams so we created our own version of a Hack-Week.

Let's discover together who participated in this, how were the ideas pitched, who worked on implementing them and most of all what we learned from all of this.

## Organization

### Who

Developers, product owners, editors, finance, business intelligence or marketing colleagues, all have one thing in common: everyone has lots of ideas! We wanted to give each and every person a chance to see their ideas come true. We know that there's always space for improvement on all levels, therefore we opened the Hack-Week to non-technicals also.

### When

Our Hack-Week was actually a three days event, finishing, in the 4th day, with our one year celebration!
In the week before the hackathon, we opened the ideas submission. We ended up with more than 30, from very technical ones, to improvements on the development process or new features. In the first day, everyone had two minutes to pitch their ideas and afterwards, everyone chose what they wanted to work on. In total, 13 teams were created, varying from one to up to seven people.

## Results

We had prototypes for different upday related apps, close to production-ready features and even a tool to give some more insights into our productivity. We got the chance to see our ideas come true, try different APIs or technologies and, most of all, we had an awesome time working together!
