---
layout: static
title: "Senior Software Engineer - Backend"
description: We want you!
modified:
categories: jobs
excerpt: We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer.
tags: [Jobs, Backend, Senior]
date: 2016-09-30T10:39:55-04:00
---
## About the Role
You are a Software Engineer by heart. You have clean code for breakfast, you domain drive to work, then you continuously integrate and release by lunchtime. In the afternoon you get up-to-date with the latest technologies and before leaving, you improve the monitoring, add a circuit-breaker or do whatever is necessary to have a monkey-proof system you are proud of. You go to bed with the DoD under your pillow and dream of load tests with a smile on your face.

**Responsibilities:**

* You strive to create both top-quality code and a great product
* You see problems yourself and take ownership in solving them.
* You and your team are responsible for the entire software development lifecycle from planning to coding to maintenance.

**Qualifications and Skillset:**

* An academic degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or equivalent practical experience
* Java, Spring, Spring-Boot
* Persistence Technologies (SQL, NoSQL)
* Test Driven Development (TDD)
* Monitoring and maintenance of systems

**Experience in any of the below would be a plus:**

* Microservices, Spring-Cloud
* Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery
* AWS

**Your Profile:**

* You are a team player with experience working in an agile environment.
* You are keen to develop your skills, and those of your team.
* You have an interesting hobby such as brewing beer or space travel.


We expect that development is not new to you and will ask you to show us your skills by taking part in a test to demonstrate your expertise. 
 
You may be young or you may be a veteran in the software development world. This is not important to us, but remember this is senior position and the bar is set high. 