---
layout: static
title: "Senior Software Engineer - Data Warehouse"
description: We want you!
modified:
categories: jobs
excerpt: We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer (Data Warehouse).
tags: [Jobs, Data Warehouse, Senior, dwh]
date: 2016-10-04T05:39:55-04:00
---
## About the Role
You collect and store data, therefore you are. 
You’re a software engineer at heart, and you love tackling problems with data. You’re comfortable tapping into different sources and making the data available for business usage, as well as querying it and optimising processes to access it. You’re able to communicate with product management and stakeholders, understand their requirements and identify the data needed to deliver a top-quality product reflecting the single truth. You take ownership for data integrity and you have the proactivity to spot, communicate and resolve issues independently. 

**Responsibilities:**

* Stay on top of pioneering technology in big data and implement your learnings here
* Design, create and maintain data-warehouse structures (data marts) to meet business operation needs
* Write ETL/ELT code driven by accuracy and transparency
* Play a pivotal role in a young team responsible for setting up a cutting-edge data platform

**Qualifications and Skillset:**

* An academic degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or equivalent practical experience
* 5+ years experience in building and maintaining a data warehouse system
* Deep familiarity with SQL as well schema variations and database design concepts

**Experience in any of the below would be a plus:**

* AWS Redshift
* Data pipelines
* Lambda-architecture
* Data mining
* Data visualisation

**Your Profile:**

* You are a team player with experience working in an agile environment
* You are keen to develop your skills, and those of your team
* You have an interesting hobby such as brewing beer or space travel


We expect that development is not new to you and will ask you to show us your skills by taking part in a test to demonstrate your expertise. 
 
You may be young or you may be a veteran in the software development world. This is not important to us, but remember this is senior position and the bar is set high. 

If this is you, [get in touch with us](mailto:jobs@updudes.net)!