---
layout: static
title: "Product Owner Data & Analytics"
description: We want you!
modified:
categories: jobs
excerpt: We are looking for a PO Data & Analytics.
tags: [Jobs, PO, full-time]
date: 2017-05-05T10:00:00-01:00
---
## About the Role
**freelance or fixed-term contract**

We are looking for a Product Owner to join upday. The Data team tackles analysis, research, builds 
products and leads the data-driven culture of upday. You will be leading a team of data engineers, 
scientists and analysts to deliver insights and find meaning in numbers, to support revenue-driving 
features and measure product success. You will own the data platform and enable upday not only with 
specific insights and analysis, but also by building the right tools to make the value of data 
available to them.

**Your Profile:**

* You have at least 2 years of experience working as a Product Owner or similar and have worked with data engineering and/or data science problems and technologies. 
* You have a deep understanding of numbers, as well as a strong business sense and have a passion for making sense of user behavior.
* You are experienced at managing and developing well-loved products – including defining product roadmaps and long-term plans.
* You are experienced at communicating concepts and ideas to stakeholders at all levels within organisations, including oral and written presentations, proposals, specifications and reports.
* You care about about working in a thriving team.
* You care about data-driven product development.
* You have experience with agile development methodology.
* Bonus: You have experience with data-driven advertisement technology.

**Your Job:**

* Identify and prioritize the most important product questions, set up the right analysis and tests and explore data to find actionable insights.
* Identify other teams’ and stakeholders’ needs around product data and business insights and build the right solutions for them to be data-informed.
* Collaborate with product and engineering teams to implement, document, validate, and monitor our tracking and metrics, using tools like Localytics or Kibana.
* Be responsible for data being dependable and correct, finding insights from this data, and making an impact through data-driven decisions.
* Oversee our data infrastructure and tools as well as its cost and make sure we work on the right setup.
* Have your finger on the pulse of emerging data technologies, assess their relevance to upday and our developers, and partake in discussions of the architecture/ technology within the team.
* Define and develop a product strategy for data & audiences including owning the short, medium and long term vision and execution for your team.
* Clearly communicate the vision, plans, objectives to all stakeholders.
* Actively contribute to creating a data-driven culture.
* Engage in your team and help them grow. Enable your team to deliver like clockwork with increasing quality.
* Work from our office in Berlin.

**What we offer:**

* A position that offers a great deal of responsibility and impact.
* The chance to collaborate with talented colleagues and develop new business models for a content app.
* Being part of an international, very exciting and revolutionary project.
* A young, dynamic and fun team with experienced colleagues from different departments of Axel Springer (tech, product, marketing, journalism).
* The latest equipment and digital tools.
* Competitive salary and contract.

If this is you, [get in touch with us and send us an email to jobs@upday.com](mailto:jobs@upday.com) including cover letter, CV, your portfolio, earliest starting date, salary expectations and relevant references.
